fixing the documentation and error message for CreateOperationAsyncResponseValidation (#536)
Azure/azure-openapi-validator: docs/create-operation-async-response-validation.md

## Output Message

202 is not a supported response code for PUT async response

## Description

> An async PUT operation response must include status code 201 for creates. It must also support status code 200, for replace. The operation must also add "x-ms-long-running-operation" to mark that it is a long running operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An async PUT operation response must include status code 201 for creation. It must also support status code 200, for replacement. The operation must also add "x-ms-long-running-operation" to mark that it is a long running operation.
```
